alright here's just a look at the rover
flat Rover five with the 80 tiny 84
controlling controlling it using a blue
smurfs bluetooth module for wireless
control and there's the 80 tiny 84 we've
got it hooked up to six nickel metal
hydride batteries to give enough power
to get going or motor controller I
couldn't even tell you what what it is
but there will be a link in the blog or
description for the motor controller and
it controls all there's four motors on
one for each corner and each size
controlled exactly the same so I didn't
need essentially for motor controllers
this one can shoot control too and I
just split each motor into two motors
for each side let's take a look at
what's going on soft to software wide
okay four numbers are being showed right
there and depending on how I move a
joystick it will will change the numbers
on there so so there's a laptop where to
the joystick and this is just being
controlled by bluetooth so if we can get
everything in here
so yeah you can see it can be controlled
wirelessly I can't really show you both
but I can put the controller down and
having a lot of trouble there one track
is coming off every time I go anywhere
not sure what's up with that i'm going
to try adjusting the tracks maybe there
there little boat in or out or something
and it's and it's making it to come off
the track so i'm not sure what what
that's doing but yeah using the logitech
controller who right joystick for the
right the right track left joystick for
the left track USB into a c-sharp
program that's sending it out via
bluetooth to the blue smurf module
bluetooth module there which sends its
TX data into the our export i built a
software you our system that retrieves
the retreat all the information and from
there goes out to the motor controller
depending on what the inputs are and
that controls controls the motor so i'll
just drive her a little bit here for you
it's uh it's pretty cool working pretty
well very responsive as you can see
definitely a fun project I think next
I'm going to try to make it look a
little nicer it's quite a mess right now
but it's all because i'm using this
prototyping board and as soon as i can
start soldering some actual components
in will be able to reduce the size and
maybe even get it in the inside the
bottom pan mm but yeah that's that's the
rundown thanks for watching